CoCo running notes link should point to CoCo6 now (#463)
astropy/astropy-project: policies/coco-transition-checklist.md

### For incoming CoCo member(s):

- [ ] Add to Google Shared Drive

> - [ ] Create new Google Doc running notes and update link on policies README
>     - Example: [astropy-project#463](https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/pull/463)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create new Google Doc running notes and update links on policies README and Roles page
    - Example: [astropy-project#463](https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project/pull/463) and [astropy.github.com#646](https://github.com/astropy/astropy.github.com/pull/646)
```
may want to consolidate this with the entry `Update Roles page` below somehow.

Author: Why do we have to move the Role stuff here? This entry is about the running notes.

Reviewer: Yes, and `roles.json` has a link to those that needs to be updated as well.
